A long time ago, 7 gods ruled above the 3 peacefull lands, this land was vast, as vast as anyone could ever go to.
Even so it felt infinite, however the cleverest knew better, it was not.
The aforementionned gods that reigned above the lands were named: The Chicken, The Duck, The Parrot, The Penguin, KUKUMBA, The Cow and The Bacon
This land was peacefull and good to live in until high above the skies, a war started.
A war between two councils of gods, The 5 Creators and The 2 Destroyers.
The Destroyers were formed of the Cow and the Bacon, whomst had decided it was time for them to have some fun: to make the citizens of this sacred land suffer.
However the 5 creators, composed of the other gods, were against this.
But the Destroyers' thirst for blood had gotten to their minds, and they still started attacking the citizens, the Creators were very angry, they had worked hard to make the citizens live a good life.
This is when the Destroyers, wanting not to be disturbed while doing their evil bidding, attacked the Creators in their sleep.
But fortunately, KUKUMBA had been awoken by the sound of the 2 Destroyers sneeking in and managed to successfully escape with the others.
This however, was only the start to a great war...
After 10 years of intense war, of fear and of agony, the war finally came to a close.
Neither side had won, both exiled at separate sides of the universe.
But in the battle, a lot was damaged, the world we now know as the ender was shredded to multiple thousands of pieces, "islands" that were distributed across the land, a few bigger than others.
At the end the Creators had damaged the overworld killing all life and the nether had not yet been created.
And so the Creators met two gods, Chboo1 and ToutiSonic, these are now known as administrators but their original name remains unknown to anyone but them.
Uniting with the administrators, the Creators rebuilt the world from scratch, this was the second iteration of the universe of ChroniCraft.
They were hoping the Destroyers wouldn't wander into it and so, make a world without them, a world of peace.
However, the Creators had miscalculated their decisions and after a few years, the Destroyers, wandered into the new world.
At this moment, everyone thought it was the end, that this land would never have peace again.
And so the poeple fled, with the help of the gods to a new born dimension, the Nether.
However it was not the Nether we know, it was beautiful, poeple had a happy life for the years they lived.
But outside this wonderland, the gods were stuck outside, knowing if they had entered the dimension, no one could have protected it from the destruction of the Destroyers.
So the gods hid, in this brand new overworld, hoping the Destroyers would never find their way in to the nether.
But they had greatly underestimated them, after a while the Destroyers found their way in to the nether, building a portal from ancient blueprints, lying around.
Not wanting the civilisation to be ruined, one of the administrators, Chboo1, waited for the Cow to be isolated and attacked!
He ultimately succeeded killing the Cow,  but the Cow started leaking lava as blood, and sprawled an infection that was contained inside its body.
The infection, not having any body to contain it, spreaded, and Chboo1 called for help as he saw what had happened.
The gods soon found the site of the infection's start and ultimately decided to throw the cow's body into the nether, after warning the citizens to evacuate.
But some citizens where not fast enough and were turned to piglins, zombie piglins, hoglins and other nether creatures we know today and the nether was filled with lava and netherrack.
The rest escaped, to the overworld where they made villages, protected by the gods.
The ruined portal was the place the infection first surfaced, not having had time to leak a lot, netherrack and lava was not abundant.
When the Bacon learned these news, he took his sword from it's pedestal and hit the ground shattering the world to pieces once more.
After this the gods created a third world, putting the villages in it, which were protected by the gods from the world ending blast of Bacon.
But, the gods had once again made a great mistake.
They had not destroyed the ruined portals and the nether for good, hoping it would eventually become sterile.
But they were much, much mistaken.
Ages after, they ordered the citizens to open a portal to the nether to check on the condition.
This was the worst mistake the gods could have ever made.
The infection infected the citizens that went inside, but without changing their physical apparence.
Though some humans were turned to zombies, some just infected, some normal creatures started changing.
Spiders grew much bigger and aggressive, skeletons of the dead were attacking normal citizens.
Abominations such as creepers, creatures that explode when they see you, were created from the virus. This was unnatural
The citizens started infecting others, until there being enough infected to revive the spirit of the Cow.
The Cow choose to regain a physical form as an animal, the "cow", it was named after the spirit possessing it.
After having been granted a physical form, it started  infecting everything, even going to the crops, infecting carrots and turning them to beetroots.
It then tried to attack the gods, which it succeeded to do with its magic, ripping the soul out of the chicken's body, who later came to a physical body in the "chickens" who had revered him for centuries.
It was successful in ripping the soul out of every god, who mostly found a body, KUKUMBA went to a cucumber, the Parrot to a "parrot", but the Penguin and Duck never finding a body.
But as it tried to use its power on the administrators, it did not affect them, or seemingly it didn't.
The administrators helped the gods find bodies, but soon realised their powers had weakenned in the attack.
Then they went down to live with the others, occasionally praying the gods they knew and loved.
Suddenly, after moments and moments, other humans started popping out of thin air.
This is when the citizens realized: These gods and new small-nose humans were coming from other dimensions.
So this is the story that leads to the ChroniCraft we know and love, hoping a war never happens again.

	--Chboo1, administrator of ChroniCraft
